I've had to wait a long time to get
another Rugby League game in fact the
last one was on the PlayStation 2 but
this year true-blue Entertainment
released their newest game called rugby
league live to the ps3 and xbox360 it's
been years since rugby league 1 and 2
released so getting a new game with all
the latest technology would surely make
the game great right
well the game hasn't hasn't really been
a worthwhile wait
rugby league live was an enjoyable
experience but just like seing the
amount of Game one just kept the game
fresh and exciting personally I'm a huge
fan of rugby league and a massive
support of the game so when getting the
game I knew I probably enjoy it and
regardless of the flaws it has the game
strong in terms of normal quick play
match there's all expected 16 - NRL
teams and you Super League teams with
the adipose stat washer World Cup and
City Country teams
performing some of the most difficult
things to do in the real game itself can
be done in a single button in this game
it just makes it so unrealistic one
player can fit the five places for under
the post without you doing anything but
press X the game's strong point is this
attack though attacking with the ball
gives you many options such as dummies
and fence shoulder charges and
sidestepping using all these techniques
gives the game strong balance when
attacking and it is less glitchy and the
controls are much easier to use however
the game's downfall is sisters defending
defending comes out to lock in this game
a big hit it comes down to the luck
whether or not you hit him high or low
and get penalized often pressing square
to change player closest to the person
with the ball can lead your control on
side on the other side the field trust
me it's cost me a lot of points every
time we do a tackle it's often the same
time everyone
same top every time you a I can be your
enemy at times when it doesn't get all
your players onside in a line to defend
or just misses so many tackles
there really is no point playing on the
easiest difficulty your best feeling
playing in under 12 steam wait sorry
I'll give them a bit of credit
under 8 steam standstill step then your
way out of the post to score four point
up at the medium-high difficulty it's a
challenge they become rugby league gods
and you can break through any tackle and
a suit to their hands allowed team
they'll never drop the ball so take your
pick
under eights or gods so all that you
think we get lots of game modes to help
patch that up well you thought wrong
again be legal I will I only offer you
its usual pre-planned mode and in
competition mode you play in the NRL
Super League will cup the State of
Origin and four nations just make your
own competition that's pretty cool well
what about all the customizations isn't
that common in sport games unless I
missed it well I felt very little chance
of customizing my players which is a
shame and then I'm a big fan of this and
get the ability to have pre-made faces
with about nine to choose from with four
hairstyles and four colors well I guess
it's better than nothing but one thing I
was happy about was the create your tip
own team it did offer enough jerseys and
logos to suit my needs and I found some
that I liked
well at least we can go online and go
head-to-head against another player
right well that is true
unless you're winning about 90% of
players will rage quit if they're losing
make it nearly impossible to get one of
the achievements big-tent but I've heard
with good things when you can find a
player that election see the whole match
out if your parent rage quits you don't
get a victory it just counts as a non
played I was not impressed with the
graphics of the stadiums that feel I
thought they were very acceptable one
and well made especially in HD but don't
get me started on the players all them
basically had the same build and I could
only just make out who each player was
when they scored a try and I could see
their face I think they slept them on
their outside doesn't make it slightly
more realistic but hey at least we got
the return of Andrea forces commentary
it's pretty much the same as the two
previous games as some of the new
players getting a mention it just gets
to be repetitive bad commentary and lank
graphics basically the features of the
game if you regulate supporter the game
entertaining and love it despite these
flaws if you're looking for a quick
achievement or trophy then this game is
probably not for you
it was somewhere the lengthy champions
needed to drag up the game turn on a
regulate fan probably don't buy I
wouldn't recommend it to someone who's
all about the graphics and and of course
not a big fan of rugby league
it's just hope it patches released to
fix this game up here's the school
graphics 6 sound 6.5 controls five and a
half gameplay seven customization for
overall score a five-point
sloppy but enjoyable